Update feature difference table (#2519)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/dashboards-new/about.md

| Text Panel | Supported | [Supported](/docs/dashboards-new/panels/markdown-syntax/) |
| Real Time Dashboarding | Live Mode | [Auto Refresh](/docs/dashboards-new/about/#auto-refresh) |
| Dashboards as Wall Monitors | Public Dashboards<br/>Whitelisting<br/>Dashboard Pop-Out | Public Dashboards<br/>Whitelisting |
| Dashboard Sharing with Variables and Time Range preserved | Supported | [Supported](/docs/dashboards-new/share-dashboard-new/) |
| Dashboard Content Item Sharing | Supported | [Supported](/docs/dashboards-new/share-dashboard-new/#sharing-a-dashboard-within-your-organization) |
| Run As Creator / Data Access Level Control | Supported | Supported |
| Dark Theme | Supported | [Supported](/docs/dashboards-new/about/#dark-theme) |
| Configured Dashboard Linking | Supported | [Supported](/docs/dashboards-new/link-dashboards/) |

> | Recommended Dashboards & Logs Drilldowns | Not supported | Supported by clicking on data points or slices/sections of pie charts, bar charts, column charts, area charts, and line charts.See [documentation](/docs/dashboards-new/drill-down-to-discover-root-causes/) for more details.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Recommended Dashboards & Logs Drilldowns | Not supported | Supported by clicking on data points or slices/sections of pie charts, bar charts, column charts, area charts, and line charts. [Learn more](/docs/dashboards-new/drill-down-to-discover-root-causes).|
```
